Add help in the FAQ for GPU usage (#272)
nebari-dev/nebari-docs: docs/docs/faq.md

You may find that the pods hosting your environment get full over time, prompting you to clear them out. To delete old builds of your environment on conda-store, click the "delete" button in the conda-store UI.

## Why doesn't my code recognize the GPU(s) on Nebari?

> First be sure you chose [a GPU-enabled server when you selected a profile][selecting a profile].  Then be sure your environment includes a GPU-specific version of either PyTorch or TensorFlow, i.e. `pytorch-gpu` or `tensorflow-gpu`.  `tensorflow>=2` includes both CPU and GPU capabilities, but if the GPU is still not recognized by the library, try removing `tensorflow` from your environment and adding `tensorflow-gpu` instead.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
First be sure you chose a [GPU-enabled server when you selected a profile][selecting a profile].  Next, be sure your environment includes a GPU-specific version of either PyTorch or TensorFlow, i.e. `pytorch-gpu` or `tensorflow-gpu`.  Also note that `tensorflow>=2` includes both CPU and GPU capabilities, but if the GPU is still not recognized by the library, try removing `tensorflow` from your environment and adding `tensorflow-gpu` instead.
```

Author: Thanks!
